welcome to the penultimate fit 15 video
montage with me michelle Heaton and you
plus one here only that's an ultimate
what is very exciting it sports drinks
yes sports drinks do we drink it to em
do we recommend it let's answer this
question so and I don't drink sports
drinks do you know why at all I don't
drink them because i think that excess
calories and i think that there are
necessary the most of them are full of
glucose which is sugar which is going to
turn to fat and i don't believe that
they're really good and here you can you
can beg zipper on on this subject for me
i don't know but i don't think they're
great i think they're well marketed to
make you believe that they're good
because we have a lot of and seeing with
sports stars on our TV drinking them and
making us believe that they're good for
health reasons but they're good for
creating high burst of energy for that
one off thing like a football match or
whatever and that's what they're used
for but we as consumers think that
they're used for every day gym workouts
and they're not and that's not what
they're designed for but they're kind of
try and market it that way so i think
it's bad luck and peasant yeah pretty
pretty spot on really i agree with me
sports drinks for me as a rule of thumb
if any exercise you're doing is under
there under 60 minutes you don't need a
sport drink if it's over 60 minutes yeah
potentially they serve a purpose but you
can get that from a piece of food so
like michelle said if it's a football
match there's nothing stopping you have
an orange at halftime if it's like a 90
minute game but if your goal is body
composition which a lot of people in
january's goal has been body composition
and you're getting to the gym three four
times a week for 45 minutes and you're
doing a group x class are you doing your
work dead you do not need sports drinks
there's so much additional sugar in
there that is of no use to you and you
don't need too few to work over 45
minutes no matter what your fitness
level is so it's a big no-no to sports
drinks from us if your goal is body
composition and you're not training for
an endurance event so if you're doing
any joint event an event absolutely
there's a reason either sugars they keep
you going to help you they feel your
body
gold as weight loss and body composition
just don't waste your money so that was
our pidele to it video we've gone about
one life to your house ad and tomorrow
is our last one and it is all about the
importance of support please don't miss
a last video in this fit for 15 montage
vidéos we've really enjoyed it and will
be sad to see you go but hopefully
you'll keep coming back from all so see
you tomorrow for our last video don't
forget to share your photos and progress
with everybody and us by hashtagging fit
for 15